hey there guys this is Dez made us back
from where payday 2 today we're gonna be
taking a look at the hey mister DJ
achievement on the nightclub heist
the achievement actually reads in the
nightclub job have 12 hostages or more
on the dance floor when you escape we're
gonna do a full clear on stealth which
should be pretty quick and pretty
painless the achievement says nothing
about the difficulty so we chose the
first thing that popped up if you're
gonna try stealth thing we recommend you
get one without cameras otherwise this
map is pretty simple and I'll be
releasing an updated video for it soon
and you can check it out here once it's
completed
we're just gonna fast-forward through
all this crap if you guys actually want
to see it let me know and I'll upload
the footage otherwise I'll save my
rambling for the actual nightclub video
if anyone wants to check out the raw
heist footage let me know and I'll look
otherwise that's the whole kit and
caboodle guys we do just one more head
count before heading out obviously for
this one you need at least two people
with six zip ties each for 12 and as
long as you don't kill anybody that
you've zip tied you'll be guaranteed to
get 12 with those two people thanks for
watching guys please remember to Like
and subscribe
go ahead and click here to check out one
of my other achievement videos as always
happy icing peace